# 国际足联体能测试

## Aerobic endurance
Psychometric properties of two different aerobic endurance tests were assessed in eight studies. The evaluated tests were the Yo-Yo Intermittent Recovery Level 1 (YYIR1) and the 12 Minutes Running test (12MRT). Two studies assessed their reliability, where the YYIR1 exhibited a high relative reliability (<5% as percent coefficient of variation -%CV-) (Krustrup & Bangsbo, 2001), while the 12MRT showed a high absolute reliability (1.7%CV) (Castagna, Abt, D’Ottavio et al., 2005). Besides, six studies (Castagna et al., 2002; Castagna, Abt, et al., 2005; Krustrup & Bangsbo, 2001; Mallo et al., 2007; Sánchez-García et al., 2018), four studies (Casajús & Castagna, 2007; Bartha et al., 2009; Castagna, Abt, D’Ottavio et al., 2005, 2005) and one study (Casajús & Castgan, 2007) evaluated convergent, construct, and criterion validities, respectively. Convergent validity ranged from 0.40 (YYIR1 vs 40 m sprint) to 0.77 (YYIR1 vs 12MRT). Regarding construct validity, YYIR1 and 12MRT were valid to discriminate between elite and sub-elite referees (p < 0.05). Criterion validity was 0.46 for 12MRT vs VO<sub>2max</sub>.

## Anaerobic tests
Three studies assessed the psychometric properties of anaerobic tests. Two repeated sprint ability tests (6×40m and 5×30m) and one Interval test were used to assess anaerobic endurance fitness. All the studies were exclusively focused on convergent validity, which ranged from 0.38 (HR interval vs HR match) to 0.77 (6×40m vs high-intensity running and sprint during match) (Mallo et al., 2009; Meckel et al., 2020; Weston et al., 2009) and construct validity, where the 6×40m test was valid to detect changes between referees’ level.

## Speed tests
Referees’ performance (i.e., sprint time) was measured in eight studies by means of five different tests: 5-m sprint, 10-m sprint, 30-m sprint, 50-m sprint and 200-m sprint. Only one study determined absolute reliability (50-m sprint test, 0.9%CV; 200-m sprint test, 1.1%CV) (Castagna, Abt, et al., 2005). In the five studies analysing convergent validity (Castagna et al., 2002; Mallo et al., 2007; Muniroglu & Subak, 2018a, 2018b; Sánchez-García et al., 2018) the values ranged from 0.35 (5-m sprint test vs Arrowhead test) to 0.84 (5-m sprint test vs 30-m sprint test). Three studies analysed construct validity (Casajús & Castagna, 2007; Bartha et al., 2009; Castagna, Abt, et al., 2005) and showed that the 50-m sprint test and the 200-m sprint test were valid to discriminate the referees’ level and age (p < 0.05).

## Change of Direction tests
Two studies assessed the psychometric properties of three different COD tests, including the T-test, Arrowhead test and Illinois test. None of them provided information about reliability. However, both studies (Muniroglu & Subak, 2018a, 2018b) reported criterion validity, which ranged from 0.22 (T-test vs 10-m sprint test) to 0.79 (Arrowhead test vs Illinois test).