# 引言

The ongoing evolution and improvement of the physical preparation of soccer players (Gonaus et al., 2019; Milanovic et al., 2017) have resulted in an increase in their physical load during matches (Wallace & Norton, 2014). This has had an impact on the physical requirements imposed on the referees (Ai et al., 2020). Research into activity profiles and physiological demands of professional soccer referees during competitive matches showed that soccer refereeing is a challenging exercise (Cerqueira et al., 2011). In fact, during a match, the physiological stresses imposed on the referees are similar to those of the midfielders (D’Ottavio & Castagna, 2002), and may even be higher than those of some players (Castillo, Yanci et al., 2016). At higher competitive levels, the pace of the match is faster, which may increase the physiological demands of refereeing (Stølen et al., 2005).

In addition to the physical requirements, the most important aspect for the referees is the decision-making process. Throughout the match, an elite field referee (FR) makes some 137 observable and 200 unobservable decisions. When considering 56% effective playing time, the latter represents between 3 and 4 decisions per minute, of which almost two thirds are taken together by the referee team (Helsen & Bultynck, 2004). Therefore, it is essential for the FRs and assistant referees (ARs) to possess a well-developed physical fitness that allows them to cope with the match demands, and being in the most ideal place (i.e., field of vision of each match) to make the correct decisions.

Consequently, there is a clear need to ensure the referee team has adequate levels of physical fitness. While laboratory tests are used to evaluate fitness dimensions in standardized conditions (i.e., treadmill incremental tests), the variability in energy systems, muscle groups and motor skills that the performance of intermittent sports demands are very difficult to replicate in this environment (Giacomo, 2019). Indeed, it has been suggested that laboratory tests do not use appropriate match-stimulation protocols, and therefore their relation to soccer match performance may not be accurate (Castagna et al., 2007; O’Reilly & Wong, 2012). On a final note, the performance of laboratory tests is constrained by the fact that they require high-cost material resources and must be administered by highly trained evaluators.

For all these reasons, it is essential to consider the use of field-based tests, which transfer the assessment to a more realistic environment (Chamari et al., 2004). Also, they are cheaper, they do not need such extensive training for administrators, they can be done in a single session, and they are more motivating for participants. As a result of these features, refereeing international governing bodies, such as the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the Union of European Football Associations (UEFA), as well as several of the main national federations, evaluated systematically the physical fitness of their affiliated referees through field-based tests (Weston et al., 2012).

Much of the research on the suitability and applicability of field-based physical fitness tests for soccer has focused on players rather than referees. Despite the similarities in overall physiological demands between the two, there are various differentiating aspects of referees’ physical performance (Castillo, Yanci et al., 2016). For example, referees are usually older than the players, they are not exposed to the same degree of physical training, they do not interact with the ball during the match, and they cannot be substituted (Casajús & Castagna, 2007). Therefore, it is important to verify the psychometric properties (especially reliability and validity) of the field-based physical fitness tests that are specific to soccer refereeing.

The physiological characteristics of soccer referees have received increasing attention in the scientific literature over the past two decades, with several investigations reviewing anthropometric and physiological reference profiles, movement patterns, and physiological loads experienced during matches (Barbero-Álvarez et al., 2012; Castillo, Yanci et al., 2016; Krustrup & Bangsbo, 2001; Weston & Brewer, 2002). Yet, according to the authors’ knowledge, there is no review that collects and analyses the evidence focused on evaluating the psychometric properties of the field-based tests used to quantify these physiological solicitations in this group.

In short, a general and recent description of the psychometric properties of field-based physical fitness tests created specifically for soccer referees, obtained through systematic and critical analysis, is not available. Under these circumstances, the objective of this study is to carry out a comprehensive review of the scientific evidence about the reliability and validity of field-based tests for assessing physical fitness in soccer referees.